For our senior project, we want to explore the implementation of networks while highlighting the importance of security. We have three steps to accomplish our project. First we will build a distributed system. Second, we will attack our system to understand the vulnerabilities and threats against our network. Lastly, we will patch our system to protect against the kinds of attacks we will perform. For our distributed system, our goal is to create a messaging network where people must login and be authenticated. We will implement a centralized client-server network. We chose this over peer-to-peer because it's more applicable in the business world and we want to focus on ..... Additionally, with a client-server network, we can focus on ... Just creating a messaging system will allow us to understand the networking layers and architecture of a system as well as allow us to become familiar with network code. We want to create our own protocol instead of using one that already exisits so we can design our own type of messages and explore how protocols are built. Our protocol will be on the application layer, meaning we will use TCP to transport the data from host to host. We chose TCP over UDP because the data will get to its destination in an orderly fashion. Going further, with the login piece of our system, we want to explore the complications of implementing an authentication process while also being able to carry out attacks that pry on one's identity. The last part of our project is the most fun because we can focus solely on breaking our system. We will show the process of patching our system and hopefully by the end, create a secure system. 

We have created a timeline to accomplish our project. We hope to have a working distributed system and authentication system by the end of the first week of block 3. We will continue research on distributed systems and start coding part of the system during block 2. This leaves 2.5 weeks of block 3 to focus on breaking our system. During this time we will perform many different malicious attacks as well as patch our system so our network can evolve and become more secure. By the end of Christmas break, we hope to complete our project which will demonstrate our understanding of a distributed system and the sort of security measures necessary to protect data and one's identity. 
